[VAULT-6860] added documentation for disable_goroutine_trace_dump (#3212)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.19.x/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

  [os.TempDir()](https://pkg.go.dev/os#TempDir) (usually `/tmp` on Unix systems). This can be updated on a running Vault process
  with a SIGHUP signal.

- `disable_goroutine_trace_dump` `(bool: false)` - When set to `true`, suppresses
  the goroutine pprof dump that Vault automatically writes during a normal shutdown
  (SIGTERM or SIGINT). You can update `disable_goroutine_trace_dump` on a running
  Vault process with a SIGHUP signal.

  The dump writes a file named `goroutine` (a pprof goroutine profile readable by
  `go tool pprof`) to a randomly named directory inside
  [`os.TempDir()`](https://pkg.go.dev/os#TempDir) (for example,
  `/tmp/vault-goroutine-dump-2738451092` on Linux). Set
  `VAULT_STACKTRACE_FILE_PATH` to an existing directory path to redirect the file

>   there instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The dump writes a file named `goroutine` that includes a `pprof` goroutine
  profile readable by `go tool pprof` to a randomly named directory inside
  [`os.TempDir()`](https://pkg.go.dev/os#TempDir). For example, on Linux the 
  dump writes to `/tmp/vault-goroutine-dump-2738451092`. If you want to redirect
  the `goroutine` file to a different location, set `VAULT_STACKTRACE_FILE_PATH`
  to an existing directory path.
```
Style correction: use simple sentence with one idea and avoid parentheticals whenever possible

  <Note>

  A separate goroutine dump can also be triggered on demand by sending SIGUSR2 to
  the Vault process. The SIGUSR2 dump requires the additional environment variable
  `VAULT_STACKTRACE_WRITE_TO_FILE` to be set to any non-empty value before Vault

>   starts. `disable_goroutine_trace_dump` does not affect the SIGUSR2 dump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can trigger a separate goroutine dump on demand by sending SIGUSR2 to
  the Vault process if you set the `VAULT_STACKTRACE_WRITE_TO_FILE` environment
  to any non-empty value before Vault starts. You cannot use the
  `disable_goroutine_trace_dump` configuration parameter to affect the SIGUSR2
  dump.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
